So dead you trash
If you dare to hit me, I will hit you
How are you doing?
You wait for me
Hello, Eno
This trash from the Shen family beat me up
And he humiliated you.
Hey, hum well.
Waste Eno will be there soon
You are dead.
Jin Chen, hurry up and leave, this Master Jiang hasn't come yet
Mr. Jiang is not so easy
When Master Jiang comes, he will definitely kill you three times
At that time
You just get down on your knees and lick my toe balls
I'm useless
And if you want to invite the group, please beg me
Please, the delivery will take us with you
You can do whatever you want
Yes, yes, don't ask him
I'll take you in.
Police, stop making trouble
Yunju's top auction
We Shen family are not qualified
How did you get in?
Li Wei, trust me.
What I say is true if I want to
My general also
You have to send me the invitation right away
The general himself sent you the invitation
You rubbish
Do you deserve it? If I can go to the auction
Is that for him?
Waste is waste
You can only say
It's you trash
Stop talking nonsense here
Don't move and implicate our Shen family again
Have you seen the invitation letter?
Come on, come on today
Let you have a long experience
Only me Xu
An invitation letter that can only be obtained by a family like this
Hey, this is the top invitation letter, right?
You, you, look
What is high-end atmospheric grade?
This is different.
The invitation letter that I got without any effort
And you can only watch
This is the gap between you and me
Just this shit
I feel like showing off
Some people don't hate the rich, do they?
Ah, you can't be jealous, can you?
Right? Stinky trash picker
Then this invitation letter
This is simple.
Who asked you to send Shen Yunwei to Master Jiang's bed?
I can consider letting Master Jiang
Give you a handout
Good good Yuwei
Hurry up dad
Mom, I'm pregnant. How about today?